[Music]
hello it's Ruby and welcome back to you
another university vlog
you
so today it is Sunday the 25th of May
and I've got my final exam in three days
on the 28th which I'm quite not gonna
lie but equally it's the one that's I've
been most looking forward to in terms of
content it's my favorite modules so I'm
nervous but at the same time I am semi
excited for this exam and I know that I
do know the stuff today I'm hoping it's
gonna be a pretty productive day I
planned out my day the first thing I
needed to do was for morning routine
which usually I do film morning routines
on like as I'm doing my morning routine
this morning I slightly altered my
morning routine so that it fitted with
my exam morning routine and that's
because I really don't want to film on
the morning of my exam because when you
film a morning routine it maybe adds
around like 1020 minutes on to your
routine at least because takes time to
set up the camera for every single time
that you do something so I didn't want
to put myself under that strap on an
exam morning because the whole point of
my exam morning routine is that I'm
supposed to de-stress and now I can take
that off my stylist which is good and it
did take quite a while the next thing
way to do this is to work on my speech
so I'm giving a keynote speech for the
first time ever I've never given a
speech like this like at a conference
I'm really excited but very nervous for
it I'm doing it the day after my last
exam and it's not entirely finished yet
so it's it is it's finished it's just
that I want to read through it practice
make sure that I can do it with just the
bullet points because it needs to be 30
minutes in total and I think it's
probably only about 20 at the moment so
I want to work on that for an hour okay
it's now 11:30 you said quite a lot of
time has passed it's been about an hour
and a half that I've been working on
this I'm pretty happy with how I'm
getting along there's a little bit more
that I do need to write that I'm just
trying to link in a whole section that
I've written and I don't know where to
fit it in because it definitely fits but
I can't get it to fit correctly I think
I might work on this for another 15
minutes and then anything I'm not done
with our work on later I've been so
nervous about writing this because
obviously the exam season so it hasn't
been a priority and I have
really been focusing on it so today I'm
focusing because it's in four days and I
need to get it done okay and I just
watch that for a little bit more it's
now I woke up and I am gonna get myself
some lunch now I want to try out these
falafel that I got yesterday so that's a
plan I'm gonna get those cooking now and
whilst that's happening while that's
cooking I am going to do something does
not look very sufficient I've got these
I'm gonna get some spinach to go with it
and then some hummus coleslaw and
obvious and ketchup to do a finger it's
a corn fish finger these are incredibly
get into my sports leggings and t-shirt
and I'm just gonna do some kind of
general exercises here in my bedroom and
very importantly I'm going to get
changed okay so I'm wearing just a very
simple plain back to black TV I got from
Primark about four or five years ago
five years ago six years ago maybe I'm
gonna play my feel-good music - yeah
along with this oh yeah by the way um
who will this t-shirt very briefly the
other day but you know to go out in and
I accidentally spilled some flour down
the front of it and I don't know why it
won't come out but I was going to wash
it but then I thought no if I'm
exercising my room anyway no one's going
to see it apart from the people watching
this video but there's nothing wrong
with that as there
[Music]
is it me or do leggings look like
wetsuits it feels like I'm wearing a
wetsuit this is boring Thrones are
amused okay
I'm about to head off to Reed Hall to
write a letter and read and then I'm
gonna go straight on to the library and
finish off all of the revision for this
module because I'm literally pretty much
done now and then tomorrow I'm going to
focus on the Simpsons to revise it's
really interesting and I might just do
some extra reading which isn't entirely
necessary but more for enjoyment I'm
hoping to be I'm thinking I'm gonna go
out until 7:00 and then I'll come back
and then have a restful evening if I do
like having a nice restful Sunday I
can't believe how empty campuses
obviously it's a Sunday number one but
we'll see you soon many people have
finished exams now on earth
[Music]
I'm here at Reed Hall in my favorite
little area to sit which sometimes is
busy but not usually to be honest
[Music]
okay so I started writing a letter to my
friend Paul yesterday and I'm going to
finish writing it right now before
heading to the library I might also stop
this book because I just finished the
woman in black and into the next book my
reading list is lullaby by Lela slim
Slimani which my mom read and she said
it was really good so I'm going to maybe
read the first chapter or two of this
before heading up to the library I'm
cracking on with what
[Music]
I've just finished my latter and it took
around half an hour to write so not too
long I really like to write long letters
it doesn't seem there wasn't the same as
much point to write a really really
short letter when you could write like a
really nice on it's also very
therapeutic anyone who's watching this
who does write letters I'm sure that you
won't agree with me there something
really therapeutic it's like journaling
when you put pen to paper and you just
let your consciousness flow but equally
you can send it to someone I think
they're so lovely and something really
fulfilling about knowing that this is
going to somebody else
and that what you say can lift their
spirits for example I don't know there's
something really touching about letters
so it's 20 to 5 and I'm going to start
this book because it doesn't really good
I'm so glad my mum had it because I
wanted to read it anyway and then my mum
said oh no I've got that it's fine you
don't have to buy it so that worked out
very well
[Music]
how amazing was that oh my god
the Romans are some of my favorite but
that's one thing that I really love
about Exeter there is so much wildlife I
wish you rabbits and squirrels just
going across the path in front of me
okay the book is really good I'm really
loving it I'm like not even I've read
read the prologue and some of the first
chapter but given that distraction I'm
gonna give you a very quick outfit of
the day because whenever I don't do one
of these people always ask for me to do
on and I really like my outfit today
actually both of the items I'm wearing a
new I got them for my birthday
say I'm wearing these shoes often
clark's they're my old school shoes from
school then the socks we got in Greece
they're really nice they've kind of
they're ribbed with sparkles at the top
trousers and my top are both from Miss
patina and these gorgeous culottes with
a kind of London design these are cats
on unicycles because who does not want
account with a unicycle on their toes
and then I'm wearing this beautiful it's
quite I'd say it's victorian and
edwardian the sleeves are just gorgeous
and then my hair in flats
[Music]
this book I've just started is really
really good so it's called lullaby and
it's it's a thriller I'm assuming
because there's a murder at the
beginning I'm always getting I need to
look like heaven vibes and I'm not sure
why I want to go and quickly take a
photo I'm gonna head down here to take
it but how
feels like an estate of some kind when
you walk down the stairs
look at this one's from statue
[Music]
[Applause]
tomorrow if I want to come and read
somewhere on campus I think I'm gonna
have to come to this that chair I'm just
annoyed I didn't find it before her
school okay I'm gonna head up to the
library now to get on with some work
because obviously everything I've been
doing is very recreational I just been
writing and reading so let's go up to
the library and get some actual profit
Kodama quirk done and I'm actually
really excited to get to work on this
stuff because I really love this module
it's so so interesting
[Music]
it started raining
it means a rain hat comes out this is
genuinely up there with one of my
favorite pieces of clothing it's just so
practical
[Music]
okay so it's a lot later because my
camera ran out of charge at the library
I ended up staying at the library until
a little bit past 8:00 and then I came
back finished off the quiz except that I
was working on so that's all done now
and and I made myself in dinner which
you saw and by that time it was pretty
late like it was already like 9:30 so I
decided to get into well I decided to
kind of watch it honey would of YouTube
and I'm just gonna quickly put the clips
from today onto my laptop so thank you
so much for watching this video I hope
that you enjoyed watching it and I hope
that you have a productive week
[Music]